Simplified and Uniform Example Instructions (#3113)
yewstack/yew: examples/README.md

cd examples/todomvc

# build and serve the example
trunk serve --open
```

> Some examples may perform far better using `release` profile, if something is slow try this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples may perform better using the `release` profile. If something is slow, you can try running it with the `--release` argument.
```
